Guest Inviter role is now supported (#5662)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/add-guests.md

As an admin, you can add a new guest user to the organization in a couple of ways:
- Global admins or Teams admins and team owners add a guest to a team in the Teams clients or in the Teams admin center. To learn more, read [Add guests to a team](https://support.office.com/article/add-guests-to-a-team-fccb4fa6-f864-4508-bdde-256e7384a14f). If you haven't set up guest access yet, go through the steps in the [Collaborate with guests in a team](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/solutions/collaborate-as-team).

- Add guests to your organization through Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2B collaboration. Azure AD B2B collaboration allows a global admin to invite and authorize a set of external users by uploading a comma-separated values (CSV) file of no more than 2,000 lines to the B2B collaboration portal. For more details, check out [Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=826383).

> Admins can also delegate permissions to add guest to others in their organization by assigning the Guest Inviter role. For more information, see [Configure external sharing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/delegate-invitations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins can also delegate permissions to add guests to others in their organization by assigning the Guest Inviter role. For more information, see [Configure external sharing](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/external-identities/delegate-invitations).
```
